# TwitchIRCBot
This is a modification of the simple IRC bot by Niklas Hempel. The original code can be found at https://github.com/nhempel/Simple-Python-Twitch-IRC-Bot. The bot has been extended with additional capabilities.

Features:

+ Log chat to stdout
+ Chat commands linked to functions which can accept parameters
+ User authorization for each individual command
+ Stored data on viewers
+ Ability to manually type into chat from terminal

To run this program you'll need Python 3.4 or higher.

This program is designed to make it easy for python programmers (even noobs) to get a bot up and running and immediately creating custom functions. To get it wokring, simply edit the variables "CHAN", "NICK", and "PASS" in "simpleircbot.py". "CHAN" should be the name of the irc channel you want the bot to join. This is typically your Twitch username, all lowercase, and preceded with a "#". "NICK" should be the Twitch username of the bot's account. This is not your own account, unless you want to bot from your own account, which is not recommended. "PASS" should be the OAuth key for the bot's account. This can be generated by going to www.twitchapps.com/tmi/. Make sure not to give this key to anyone, or they will be able to log in to the account. Once that is setup, there are two types of functions you can create: commands and alerts.

Commands can be executed by viewers in chat by typing the keyword, which is whatever you decide for that command. To create a command, simply create a function in "commands.py" that does what you want, then add a corresponding entry in the "COMMANDS" dictionary in "simpleircbot.py". The key should be the keyword you wish to use to execute the command, and the value should be the name of the function you created. Included in "commands.py" are several basic commands you can model your own off of. "!test" will simply print something out to chat. "!echo" will echo back whatever parameters are sent to the function. "!points" and "!addUser" show how to interact with the persistent data features.

Alerts occur at regularly timed intervals. They can be simple repeating messages, but they can also be tied to a command. To create an alert, create an Alert object and add it to the "ALERTS" list in "simpleircbot.py". To create an Alert, pass in parameters for an alert name, whether or not the alert is active, the time in seconds between alerts, the message of the alert, and a function reference for the alert to call.

By default, this bot includes a user authorization system and basic currency system, both of which use data files to remember information between  executions. A user can only execute a command if they are authorized to do so. To manually add a user to the list of authorized users, edit "authorizedUsers.csv". Each line starts with a command, followed by a list of usernames that can execute that command, seperated by commas and no spaces. There is no comma at the end of the line.
